Privacy Policy
HungryShark is a game platform operating as third party application on Pi Browser and the Pi Blockchain. We are committed to protecting your privacy, in accordance with applicable privacy laws.

This Policy is designed to give you a greater understanding of how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise handle personal information.

By using our services, you accept the terms of this Policy and consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your information as described in this Policy.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF OUR SERVICES.

Information you give us
We may receive information that you give us voluntarily while using any of our services.

We may keep records of these information if the Privacy Act permits it (for example, if the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities). If not, we will destroy or de-identify the information as soon as practicable, provided it is lawful and reasonable to do so.

Disclosure of personal information
We do not currently disclose personal information to any third parties. If this changes at some time in the future, we will comply with the requirements of the Privacy Act that apply to disclosures of personal information and this Privacy Policy will be amended accordingly.

Collection of information other than personal information through our website
When you visit our website, some of the information that may be collected about your visit is not personal information, as it does not reveal your identity. For example, we record your ip address, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visited, any documents you downloaded, and the type of device, browser and operating system you used.

We use and disclose this information in anonymous, aggregated form only, for purposes including statistical analysis and to assist us to improve the functionality and usability of our website. You are not individually identified, however we reserve the right to use or disclose this information to try to locate an individual where we reasonably believe that the individual may have engaged in any unlawful or inappropriate activity in connection with our website, or where we are otherwise required or authorised by law to do so.

Cookies
We use Google Analytics which makes use of cookies for analytics purposes. Our platform uses Pi authentication for user login and Pi access token therefore we do not use cookies in any other ways.

What if you don't provide us with your personal information?
We will provide individuals with the option of not identifying themselves, or of using a pseudonym, when dealing with us if it is lawful and practicable to do so. A pseudonym is a name or other descriptor that is different to an individual’s actual name.

In some cases however, if you don't provide us with your personal information when requested, we may not be able to provide you with the product or service that you are seeking.

Collection notices
Where we collect personal information about you, we will take reasonable steps to provide you with certain details about that collection (such as the purpose for which we are collecting the information and the type of third parties to which it is usually disclosed). We will generally include this information in a collection notice.

Collection notices provide more specific information than this Privacy Policy. The terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to any specific provisions contained in collection notices and in the terms and conditions of particular offers, products and services. We encourage you to read those provisions carefully.

Website security
While we endeavour to protect the personal information and privacy of users of our website, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you disclose online and you disclose that information at your own risk. If you are concerned about sending your information over the internet, you can contact us by telephone or email.

Complaints
If you have a complaint about how we have collected or handled your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer via email below.

We will endeavour in the first instance to deal with your complaint and take any steps necessary to resolve the matter. If we are not able to do so, we will ask you to submit your complaint in writing.

In most cases, we expect to investigate written complaints and provide a response within 30 days of receipt. If the matter is more complex and our investigation may take longer, we will contact you and tell you when we expect to provide our response.

Our contact details
Please contact us if you have any queries about the personal information that we hold about you or the way we handle that personal information. 

Changes to this Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The current version will be posted on our website and a copy may be obtained by contacting our Privacy Officer via email.
